## 5.3
 - Does the owner of the computer think this was intentional? If yes or no, justify you conclusion.
 
 No, the must have thought that it wasn't working specifically because of thier skin tone since they were clearly amused by the thought and must have figured it for a bug or glitch.
 - How do you think this happened?

Probably due to the data being limited in terms of learning fo rthe AI prediction being sorted to a majority of white faces. As such, it did not recognize someone with a different skin tone. 
 - Is this harmful? Was it intended to be harmful or exclude?

This was not intended, moreso a fault of the general way the algorithm was ocnstucted, an unintended bias
 - Should it be corrected?

Yes, it is important that customers of all ethnicities are able to use the softare properly
 - What would you or should you do to produce a better outcome?

Use a more diverse group when training the facial recognition algorithm.  

## 5.4
CompSci has 150 principles students. Describe a crowdsource idea and how you might initiate it in our environment?
  - A good crowdsource idea that oculd be intiated is a popularity type poll which could be used to determine what items del norte CSP students would be interested in learning. This would help get people more interested in this class. You could do this via database and a quiz type frontend at the end of everyweek using responses from each CSP student.
What about Del Norte crowdsourcing? Could your final project be better with crowdsourcing?
 - Yes, our final project involves aiding ASB. By allowing them to access crowdsoruced info, like in regards to events they would be interested in, It could greatly help ASB figure out what events to plan to interest students. 
