# 5.5-5.6 Notes
***FILLED IN NOTES BY KRISH***
## 5.5 Notes

### Notes
 - Software sometimes have royalties, which acts as percentage payment on product earnings given to the person who established the patent for the royalty. 
 - By seperating creation of software between two companies, qualcom is able to split their stuff to also have and use a GPL licensing, yet at the same time manage to charge for thier software. 
 - Determining license for PBL is important to ask the client, since they may want to either private or publicly share their information. 

### Actions 
1. When you create a GitHub repository it requests a license type. Review the license types in relationship to this Tech Talk and make some notes in GitHub pages.
   - MIT
     - Open source
     - Prevents people from claiming copyright over content, but not much else 
   - APACHE
     - Same as MIT but more legal stringent 
    - GPL
      - Still open source but heaviest license 
      - Have to provide source code under derivative
2. Make a license for your personal and Team project. Document license you picked and why.
   - We chose to do an MIT liscence since we still wanted our content to be freely accesible to other clubs on campus who may want to follow a similar format of hosting a website. This would allow them to alter the website and its contents freely without any possible legal reprocussions. 

## 5.6 Notes 
 - A lot of sensitive information is accessible via your technology, and as such should be protected. 
 - Consider security standards when using technology.
   - personal safety is key, things like two factor authentication, good pswds, etc. 
 
**Actions**

1. Describe PII you have seen on project in CompSci Principles.
   - We can see the local host directory when we host our websites locally. In addition, we can see our personal information put on our websites, though miniscule.
3. What are your feelings about PII and your exposure?
   - I personally feel that information that is saved on reputable websites that have strong security are fine, however, I try to avoid handing out any of my PII online If I dont have to.
5. Describe good and bad passwords? What is another step that is used to assist in authentication.
   - Good passwords have a variety of symbols, numbers and capitalization while bad passwords are easy to guess based on iformation already present about you.
7. Try to describe Symmetric and Asymmetric encryption.
   - Symmetric encryption talks about multiple users sharing one key while asymetric encryption is uses a pair of public and privat ekeys to decrypt
9. Provide and example of encryption we used in deployment.
   - hardware-based cryptographic key storage using AWS CloudHSM are used for deploying in AWS servers. These ensure increased security with keys and prevents hacking through those keys. 
11.Describe a phishing scheme you have learned about the hard way. Describe some other phishing techniques.
   - I fortunately have not been at the reciving end of phishing schemes however I do know of them. The most common is through links in emails which inject trojan viruses. Otherways can be pop-up ads, but there are many other methods
