# Collegeboard TPT Notes

***NOTES BY KRISH***
### 5.1 Actions
**1. Come up with three of your own Beneficial and corresponding Harmful Effects of Computing**
 - Beneficial 
    - Allows for easy information access to all people across the world 
    - Makes complicated computations and running simulations really efficient and allows us to create more complicated simulations on top of it.
    - Makes communication easier since computation allows one to reach through to anyone across the world 
 - Determinantal 
    - Increased use of technology has led to a reduction in overall privacy
    - Almost everything runs on technology, making a lot of the world dependent on increased energy production, which can be detrimental to the environment
    - Creation of a digital divide, in which some communities have better access and knowledge about technology then other communities, thus creating a further divide between these communities socially and economically. 

**2. Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?**

Dopamine issues like these are something that can happen, however, I think that the example given is certainly an extreme case. Personally, I might find enjoyment in playing video games or watching youtube videos, but it doesn’t drastically influence or affect my life as in the example given. As such, I think it's unfair to consider these dopamine issues as a major issue, but something that is to be heeded to ensure one can be as focused as possible when it comes to academic success.  

### 5.2 Actions

**1. How does someone empower themself in a digital world?**

One can empower themselves in a digital world by simply using the technology at their disposal in order to increase the scope of knowledge that they have access to and learn. 

**2. How does someone that is empowered help someone that is not empowered? Describe something you could do at Del Norte HS.**

Through technology, you can spread the word via social media  about programs designed to get technology into the hands of those who do not have access to it. 

**3. Is paper or red tape blocking digital empowerment? Are there such barriers at Del Norte? Elsewhere?**

Red tape does block digital empowerment. Often, we place restrictions and limits on students who have grown up their entire lives using the internet and have grown knowledgeable about the internet. Sometimes, out of an abundance of caution, we prevent our students from achieving at their maximum potential. 
